hello everybody this is anthony Matheny
I'm doing a review today of the radeon
HD 6970 I finally picked up a couple of
them here off of anyway so I figured I'd
put one of them in go ahead and do some
benchmarks and stuff on it anyways
here's what it looks like on the box I
have already taken it out done a couple
tests on it things like that here's the
box as you can see i got the battlefield
vietnam edition and it does come with
the pool game i noticed when you get the
game though you either have the option
of getting vietnam for free or you can
put the promo code in you actually get
nidal field bad company 2 for free but
it doesn't come with the code for
vietnam at least it in for me I may have
done that wrong i'm not sure but anyways
so yeah here's the box i'll go ahead and
open it and show you I've been into
everything here but i'll show you what's
inside of the package that you're doing
inside a nice little box here and of
course you have the main section here
which is where jackets card comes in
obviously you get all that stuff hey
race and then you get a box up here
comes with all the stuff you'll need
comes with your sapphire select gold
club instruction manual and the
installation for the drivers also
included it does come with a molex to
6-pin which I actually wouldn't
recommend using I don't like them
personally I prefer just using these
straits six and eight pins but anyways
you do have that and then you have a
molex double molex to a pin towards this
edition it does come with a hdmi cable
and you get all your adapters and
everything like that here's another
little adapter here and you get with it
and of course crossfire you get your
little crossfire to fish and also a DVI
to vga adapter so that's pretty much
everything you get in the box there i'll
go ahead and show you the card in the
system you get a little bit of an idea
how big it is things like that alrighty
way about that
alright so here's the car inside of my
computer and as you can see it is a
pretty big card I'm sure how well you
can see that
that is
your mom Rosie
slide down how we can't hear me very
well and then i got these straight six
and eight pins going into the side here
it does take two of them there in it
that you cross my bridge is right
and on the back you get believe it's a
couple other points back there that I
really can't see that well okay you get
your dual DVI support and pretty much a
bunch of different options to go with I
did notice it doesn't have a vga output
on it but I guess that's what the
adapter those for anyways I do actually
have the Unreal not I'm your birthing
unit engine heaven benchmark running
right now on the computer as you can see
it's running pretty good this is with
tessellation on was it 1680 x 1050
resolution everything turned on high get
a little bit of a frame rate drop during
the day 42 frames per second which isn't
too bad i made it's definitely one of
the better
cars in you can see all the tessellation
and everything all the stuff
and we'll go ahead and run a benchmark
really fast and I will come back when
you bet everybody then i went ahead and
finish the benchmark here and i'll go
ahead and show you the max range for
seconds the minimum
the average was 42 scores it a 1081 the
minimum frames per second is 19.3 max
FPS is 10 3.5 is running the 32-bit
version however it is on a 64-bit OS
and we're testing on AMD phenom 2 x4 940
processor with 3000 megahertz
and also it is the 80 AMD sorry radeon
HD 6900 series with two gigs of memory
on itself it is rendering in directx 11
1680 x 1050 full screen shaders high
textures high filter trilinear I do have
an trophy trophy time disabled I'm
occlusion is enabled refraction and able
biometric and able tessellation extreme
so there is the 69 70 single card that's
not cross my mind you that is just one
single card
running the unit engine heaven benchmark
all right well I hope you guys enjoyed
this review i'll be posting more specs
up on it here later on probably doing
some other benchmarks and stuff and
thanks for watching guys
you